# Table-Array
1. For this problem, you need to know a little about the DOM.  If an element in our document has an id attribute with value, say, "v", then we get a reference to an object corresponding to the element (and assign it to a variable obj) with  obj = document.getElementById(“v”);  We can then assign the element content by assigning to the object’s innerHTML attribute, e.g.,  obj.innerHTML = "An example"; This goes between the opening and closing tags of the element (hence “inner”), and it may itself contain markup. We can append content to the end of what is already there with statements such as obj.innerHTML += " of dynamic content"; 
2. Your task is to add the functions: 
inputArray(): Takes the number of rows and columns in the 2D array, and builds by prompting the user for integers. (You don’t have to verify input.)  It returns this array, but, before doing so, it constructs a string that represents the array as table rows (tr elements containing td elements) and appends this to the content of the first table element (just after the caption element). This requires a nested loop.  You can get by with one nested loop by constructing the string as the values are obtained from the user. sumAll(): passed the array, sums all the values (across all rows and columns), and concatenates this sum to the end of the content of the p element.  Neither of these functions requires an additional array; just form the string as you produce the sums. rowAvg(): adds the rows together (i.e., forms the sum of each column) &amp;amp; finds the average and concatenates a tr whose td’s contain the column sums to the end of the content of the second table (after the caption). colSum(): adds the columns together (i.e., forms the sum of each row) and concatenates to the end of the content of the third table a sequence of tr’s, each with one td, which contains the sum of the respective row. Neither of these functions requires an additional array; just form the string as you produce the sums.
